Imagine, if you will, walking through a city-scape of crystalline
buildings, with a passing scent of burning ozone in the air. The lights
of the various merchants and vendors blinding, competing to steal
customer mindshare to peddle their varying wares. You perform the
expected promenade down this garish blight of a modern nation within the
Arketchi empire, only to carelessly step around a blind corner to find
yourself face-to-face with a crackling raiche-blade to your throat, and
a (D'vrkaln energy rifle) to your back?

The first reaction of any sane individual is to put their hands in the
air and surrender while muttering some archaic prayer to a
long-forgotten deity while hoping their assailant doesn't notice the
warm stream of urine flowing down their legs. Who said I was sane? Now
dear reader, why do I have the exotic pleasure of such weaponry coming
to bear against my person, for that answer, we need to step back in time
a few hours.

"I got the arch-cast you sent Corrupter. I was deep into a pleasure
dive, and your 'cast ended up as a tattoo on my partner's ass checks." I
said with an irritated but still professional tone. "What do the
Evocators need this time?" I was so close to a long-deserved retirement,
I could smell the post-translation stench of returning to my home planet
Varsh.

"Take up your complaints with the Evocators, you have been given a
promotion to trichal, void knows why." Corrupter Sh'arc said with
contempt.

"The Evocators can eat those promotion orders, for all I care about
them. I'm about to be through with this shady shitshow of an
organization and moving on with my life. Tell them to write, and go
vigorously fuck themselves with a dull rusty spoon." I said with
broiling anger, understanding that my dreams of retirement from the
Overarch were to be put on hold indefinitely.

Promotion in the Overarch forces, especially in the mid-ranks of
enlisted was rarely time for celebration.
